The house was not the only structure.
The bridge was also changed.
The Japanese bridge was already in full swing.
There used to be a Giboshi bridge, but now there is no Giboshi bridge.
Without Giboshi bridge, the condition of Sugoroku's Kuchien Lanzo is bad.
In the Giboshi bridge, there is a small bridge and a small Fuji bridge is visible.
So, they took the first brush of the Shirasigen.
Now, it is not like that.
The Giboshi bridge is gone.
Kirinto-ryon was eating in Senaka-wa.
It was like a bridge of beer and hamaki.
It was a very soft bridge.
As you know, the bridge of the Uo-gashi bridge is not good for the health.
So, they made it a Tsukiji bridge.
It is bad for the people of the Japanese bridge, but it is good for the people of Tsukiji.
I want to ask Shiniku.
The fish shop is like that.
The fish are all different.
In the old days, people of Tsukusa were called Mimigiro, but now it is not like that.
A big horse is coming from the Keto.
It is a fish that wears long shoes in the season of the Katsuri.
It is said that the fish wear long shoes and have a bad look.
I hope it is not a bad thing.
As you know, the fish go to Tsukiji now.
They don't need to be tired of carrying it in the mountains.
They carry it early in the morning and deliver it by car.
When the fish come to the mountain, they all ride cars.
The fish eat and walk.
It is a bad thing.
It is not a problem.
But they are not like that.
The fish shop is like that.
They are all different.
They are different from the Japanese bridge.
They are beautiful and they are expensive.
How much is that?
If you fold it in half, it is 15 yen.
It is 15 yen.
If you fold it in half, it is 8 yen.
It is not a good thing.
What are you talking about?
If you know too much, you will get a bad look.
Take it.
You are against it.
You are not going to shut up.
If you don't buy it, you will lose.
You are a thief.
I am glad to be a thief.
That's why the fish shop is alive.
All fish shops are like this.
The fish shop is in good condition.
It is the same.
However,
when you go to the Tokyo,
you have to be careful with your words.
The fish shop is in a bad condition.
It is a little bad.
If you are a thief,
this is a good deal.
That's it.
It is 1.50 yen.
1.50 yen is a little expensive.
It is expensive.
You are alive.
You are not.
Your eyes are white.
You are stupid.
You are breathing at 6 o'clock in the morning.